hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be doing
a different kind of video i'm actually
so excited for this one
if you've been watching my videos for a
while if you've been here before
you will probably know that i do like
scheduling and i like timetables and i
like
planning the other day when i was going
through paperwork
i came across this
schedule uh not schedule properly
spelled schedule
and it's basically a timetable of
exactly how i followed
my day this day and i thought that i
would bring you along
on this day i'm going to try following
the schedule today but i'm going to
slightly adapt it
because some of the stuff is
tailored to school i'm going to
incorporate some things i
also did when i was 14.
okay so i've written up some
substitutions for certain things now i'm
actually going to look through my old
instagram to see
if it will give me any ideas of things i
used to do when i was
um in the in the year between year
9 and year 10.
okay so here is my schedule for today
so since i've already gone to the
bathroom the first thing i need to do is
choose something to wear
and i just looked through my old
instagram photos and
there is a trend the thing i'm going to
go for is i actually wore lots of
t-shirts so in this one i'm wearing a
shakespeare t-shirt
here i think i'm wearing a ravenclaw
t-shirt i know that i enjoyed wearing
the kind of like academic t-shirts with
long shorts
so i am gonna wear that um if i can find
it
i'm gonna wear my favorite t-shirt uh
which was my
edgar allen poe one
[Music]
um
do
i'm just going to read the book that i'm
reading at the moment
i can't really remember what i would eat
when i was 14 for breakfast
but i'm gonna go for some shreddies
because
i know i didn't like porridge
okay so next i'm going to do some
research into environmental movements
which is it was literally something that
was always on
my to-do list when i was 14. i didn't
actually read the news when i was
younger i didn't find it as interesting
so
i'd read uh like the national geographic
and things
but i wouldn't keep up to date with
standard politics
but i'd always like to keep up to date
with environmental movements and that's
all i would look at
on the bbc
[Music]
so for the next thing i actually need to
download an app
this is an app i used to use quite a bit
when i was
like 12 13 14 and it's called
middle school vocabulary prep i'm not
sure if they even still have it on the
app store
this is the app i used to use
but it's no longer available to download
i'm going to the next thing which is
practicing capitals
and again this is something i really
enjoyed i loved learning my capitals and
flags
and this is what i would use to practice
them
[Music]
oh
gotta love the simpsons i watched so
much simpsons
up until the age of like 15 up until i
started my gcse
so the next thing on my list of things
to do
basically when i was 14 i loved playing
hunger games i loved to play with
friends obviously so i'm here with lola
because we're in this like area of
woodland i'm gonna pretend
there's someone chasing us and we're
gonna run through the woods
and lola's never played this before so
she is in for a treat
okay i've got half an hour left of my
book so i'm gonna sit down and finish it
[Music]
now
so another thing i would do when i was
and this is definitely one of the
strangest things i did i wanted to make
sure i did it in today's video
is i used to play board games by myself
this was my favorite one
a sudoku game and basically
you have a board it's a really cool game
i got this at a charity shop
when i was 13. and look at that i never
rubbed
that off then you have all of these
little cards and you just write in
in purple the numbers and then you can
fill it out and
it is for two to four players but you
can basically play it by yourself
and the other game i liked to play was
dingbat so
i'm going to grab that
[Music]
you might be wondering why i actually
played
board games by myself especially since
obviously i do live with my family
i can play with them number one they
didn't really like board games
number two i was extremely introverted
when i was 14
at the end of year nine and then in year
ten obviously there are some games you
can't play but i tried playing scrabble
by myself um
i would play card games sometimes uh it
was and it was actually like it was
genuinely quite good fun
so uh let's get started first of all
obviously i do need to wipe this off
[Music]
okay i'm now back in my room and
i'm going to do some planning
specifically i'm going
to be planning my you know future career
so on my
timetable which i found from when i was
i had research into my gcse syllabuses
as something which i wanted to do
today instead of that i'm going to be
focusing on kind of post university
[Music]
stuff
and easy
so the next thing i'm going to do is try
and learn any gymnastics move
so i've put my mask out here
[Music]
do
okay so the next thing is something that
i actually found on this schedule
to write a poem in spanish um this is
something i really liked
doing and when i was 14 spanish was my
favorite subject at school
i enjoyed writing in spanish i'd write
little stories
or poems in spanish just to keep up with
the language
so i don't know where i'm going with
[Music]
this
okay here is my attempt
very messy keep in mind i haven't
studied spanish for
two years technically now but last year
i did have weekly
30 minutes spanish lessons though to
keep up my speaking
conversational spanish yeah but i know
that i've lost so much of the language
this year which i'm really annoyed with
um i bet this doesn't even make any
sense i wanted to pay attention to the
sounds
and the rhythm that's what i've tried to
focus on the actual kind of content
is questionable i didn't even know what
i was writing i always pay more
attention to the sounds when i write
poetry
and my spanish accent isn't that good
idiamos el lagos
los
i'll just quickly translate it for you
to you would you go to the lake if the
birds did not smile
if the trees were there without the
leaves
in english will be happy when the water
is light when the snow falls and the
night is black like velvet i am waiting
crying i'm reading your face because i'm
scared that you're going to rise to the
skies
okay so i can take that off the list and
let's just put this back on my shelf
though
how gorgeous is this notebook by the way
i got this a couple years ago from when
i was 14 actually
from urban outfitters so i'm going to
recite you something
from well not reciting i'm going to read
you something from
francis leviston's disinformation and
this one is actually signed which is
really cool
so i went to this um writing retreat
called arvon when i was in year 10.
frances lovestone was our guest who came
in on the wednesday to read to us
the golden age in the golden age we
communed with the gods
a god could be hidden barely contained
inside the costumes of normal men
nothing was certain how could you refuse
a beggar's request or a gambler's wager
the bold advance of the boss's only
daughter without fear of causing offence
to a god
you would say yes in the golden age
whatever was offered
you would say yes so one thing i had on
this schedule actually
is listen to music in
brackets classical and jazz so i'm gonna
put on some jazz
because i don't listen to jazz i listen
to classical all the time
but i used to be a real really big fan
of jazz when i was 14.
[Music]
hmm
so to finish the day i've downloaded
tapped out
because this is
a game i was really into when i was 14.
it was this in heyday
and well i'm going to get this sorted
and yes i'm going to play tap tap for a
little bit
[Music]
so